He's alive!
Hey!
Get in here.
Police! Don't move!
It was a sad state of affairs
when getting caught in your dreams
was actually some kind of relief.
Something happens to you
when you're facing the prospect
of life in prison.
You start seeing
everything in sharper focus.
with incredible texture and detail.
like your brain is already
trying to capture and catalog
the memory of everything
you're about to lose.
And then there's the way
everyone else sees you.
Something I can help you with. fellas?
Have a good day.
Morning. Mr. Cooper.
Luddy.
I was hoping I could talk to you
for a second back at the office.
when you're done hitting.
- About what?
- Sorry?
Well. I been a member of
this club for about ten years.
you've never asked
me to your office before.
So I'm just wondering what it's about.
I was hoping we could
have this conversation
in a more private setting.
Why don't you just tell me what
you came here to tell me. luddy?
Well. look. this is
obviously a sensitive issue
and I'm sure you know how much we
value your membership here at the club.
Well. that's really nice to hear.
The thing is. the board met. and…
We feel it would be best if we
suspended your membership.
just until your current…
Difficulties are resolved.
- I see.
- I'm really sorry about this. Coop.
Tell me. which one of the club's
bylaws did the board land on
to give you the legal
standing to kick me out?
Come on. Coop. That's not what this is.
Because if I recall correctly. if I were
to have committed any infractions.
which I haven't. then the club
would have to inform me in writing
and only after three such notices
could they initiate the
disciplinary proceedings
to recommend my ouster.
You were arrested for murder.
I didn't kill anyone.
Well. how do I know that?
Gosh. I guess you're right. luddy.
There's really no way of knowing.
But if there's even the slightest chance
that I'm the cold-blooded
killer you think I am.
do you really wanna be
fucking with me right now?
I'm gonna finish my bucket.
Thanks. buddy.
Mel.
Hey. God.
Are you still in pain?
You know. I'm on a steady Vicodin diet.
Nice.
The Percocet helps the Vicodin.
What about you?
I mean. I've been better.
Yeah.
I got us crudités.
Thank you.
I gotta say. I was surprised
when you texted me.
I'm wondering. what you know.
What I know about what?
I don't know. Anything.
You're gonna have to be
a little more specific here.
Jesus. you're not being deposed. Barney.
What is this?
It's the deed to your house.
He signed his half over to you.
I was gonna drop it off. but
when you asked to meet…
He thinks he's going to jail.
He's playing defense. keeping
the assets safe in your hands.
- It's the smart thing to do.
- If you think you're going to jail.
We're in uncharted territory here. Mel.
- My god. my kids.
- The kids will be fine. all right?
And so will you.
If he goes to jail.
You have their college trusts.
the retirement assets
are all in your name.
If you get in a pinch. you can
leverage the house with a heloc.
Point is. you'll all be fine.
Something is going on with him.
I know it. I know him.
Even from before Paul
died. I just… I can't figure it out.
What's he been doing since he got fired?
He told you about that?
Yes. But what isn't he telling me?
Even if I knew. I
probably wouldn't tell you.
- I'm trying to help him.
- I think that ship has sailed. hasn't it?
We both have to accept
that the only person
who can help Coop right now. is Coop.
- I gotta get out of here. I can't…
- yeah.
- Keep me posted.
- You do the same.
Boo!
There's kind of a down vibe in
this room. Anyone else feeling that?
Ali.
I find. in situations like this.
it falls to the bipolar person in the
room to get the conversation started.
Now. I know this is a scary time
and we're all thinking the same thing.
so I'm just gonna go ahead
and come out and say it…
Yes. I've been having
sex with my ex-fiancé.
I'm sorry. what now?
I am sleeping with Bruce.
Jesus Christ. Ali.
- Don't judge me. dude.
- I'm not judging you.
- It's just a terrible idea.
- And fucking Sam levitt was genius?
Do you mind?
What. you think they don't know?
You think there's anyone else
left in this town who doesn't know?
- Are you off your meds?
- Why?
I have to be off my meds
in order to have sex?
Are you off your meds?
Yes! I have to be off my
meds in order to have sex!
Well. good sex at least.
Why do you have to be off
your meds to have good sex?
- Jesus Christ. Tori.
- It's a legit question.
You wanna chime in on this?
- Fuck no.
- Smart.
I can't come on the meds.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
- Okay. I see.
- I think we should talk about it.
- Your sex life?
About the fact that
you could go to prison!
- You won't talk about it.
- And there's a very good reason for that.
- What?
- Because I don't want to.
Well. that is a solid choice. Andy.
- Where are you going?
- I have a gig.
- Is Bruce gonna be there?
- No. he ghosted me.
- Asshole.
- Yeah.
- I'll see you later.
- Hey. no. wait. I wanna come with you.
Where is everybody going?
Dad. I just wanna see her play.
- Come on.
- Yeah. me too.
Let's go.
Yeah. great idea. Let's
take the children to a bar.
I wanna be the girl with the most cake
he only loves those things
because he loves to see them break
pretty good. right?
She's great.
I fake it so real. I am beyond fake
and someday you will
ache like I ache and some.
I'm sorry. This song… fuck.
I was supposed to get married.
Boy.
This was a long time ago.
What's she doing?
Whatever comes into her head.
Anyway. his name's Bruce.
Point is.
I blew it because there's
something wrong with me.
With my brain.
I'm not. you know. strictly speaking. okay.
But lately. I've been thinking
that maybe Bruce isn't as okay
as I thought he was.
You know. 'cause an okay person
doesn't come back into your life
and then ghosts you.
An okay person lets you give them back
their hole live through this record.
that you've managed to hold
on to for. like. a fucking decade.
The same decade that you lost
pretty much everything you ever had.
Except for you. Andy.
This is my big brother.
You never let me go. Not once.
You saved my life.
I just wish there was someone
out there that would look out for you
the same way you look out for me
because I know you could really use that
right about now.
Anyway. Bruce won't return my calls.
And that is not okay.
Yeah. I might be the crazy one.
but he's the one with the wife and kids
who decided to fuck his bipolar ex-fiancée
in her nephew's bed.
- Jesus Christ.
- What?
Shit.
I know it was messy and it was wrong.
but I thought it was honest and real.
But now I… I know
he was just using me.
And fuck that.
I am not anyone's sidepiece.
- Fuck Bruce.
- Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah. fuck that guy!
- He doesn't deserve you! You're a babe!
- Fuck Bruce!
That's right. Fuck Bruce!
- Fuck Bruce.
Fuck Bruce! Fuck Bruce! Fuck Bruce!
Fuck Bruce! Fuck Bruce!
Fuck Bruce!
You know. you don't
have to give me your bed.
- I can just sleep on the couch.
- It's fine.
I usually end up sleeping
down there anyway.
Yeah. Well. if you say so.
So that was something
at the bar tonight?
Yeah. rock and roll.
You okay?
It's kind of a moving target.
- I can take my own pills.
- Can you?
It's a free country.
Look. Ali. I don't know
what's gonna happen with me.
It's not looking great.
And I need to know that you're
gonna be okay. and the kids…
They're gonna need you.
Andy…
Take your fucking meds.
Please.
- Hey.
Did you write that?
Yeah. it's something I'm working on.
Impressive.
Did you have fun tonight?
Yeah. she's amazing.
She's something.
I wanna show you something.
You see this watch?
I got this the year you were born.
You were about three months old.
Tori was three…
And things were not
going so great at work…
And I was kind of nervous
that I had maybe bitten off a
little more than I could chew.
You know. I'd just brought these
two beautiful children into the world
and I was kind of wondering
how I was gonna provide for them.
feed them. keep them safe. all that stuff.
And then I walked by this
jewelry store and saw this watch.
and it was crazy expensive and
I knew your mother would kill me
if I bought it. but I did.
Just trying to feel fearless. you
know. or feel what that felt like.
Fake it till you make it.
you know what I mean?
Anyway. I know you kids don't
really wear watches these days.
but maybe someday you
will. so I wanted you to have it.
I do the same thing sometimes.
What?
- You know. fake it till you make it.
- Right.
Well. one of these days
you're gonna realize
pretty much everybody
in the world is doing that.
And that's when
things get truly terrifying.
Put it on.
There.
I like it.
Good. We'll get it sized up for you.
- Want me to close this?
- Yeah.
- Night. bud.
- Good night.
Come in.
- Hey.
- How's it going in here?
- All good.
So…
Earlier at dinner. when Ali said
we should be talking about it…
Should we be talking about it?
Did you do it?
Did I kill Paul levitt?
No. I didn't.
Congratulations. We talked about it.
Okay.
Night.
Good night.
Can I.
Coop. what are you doing here?
Tell me about this plea deal.
We plead down to manslaughter. okay?
Normally that would mean ten years.
but the da's looking for a quick win.
so I think I could close him at eight.
Eight years?
You'd be out in six.
And you make that
sound like it's nothing.
You're measuring it against 25 to life.
Look. if you want to go to trial.
I will do everything I can
to take their case apart.
But you're not optimistic.
They've got motive.
opportunity. forensic evidence
and that goddamn gun was in your car.
Under the best of
circumstances. a trial is risky.
- In this case…
- yeah. I've spent the last 20 years
of my life hedging against risk.
The plea bargain is your hedge.
It's not a way out. but it's a way through.
Does anyone care that I'm innocent?
No.
Jesus. my kids.
Yeah. It's a terrible choice to face.
Well. it's not really a choice. is it?
Okay.
Okay. what?
Set the meeting.
Would your prof give you an extension?
Yeah. Mrs. Douglas has been super cool.
I'll talk to her tomorrow.
There's no way she makes
you hand it in this week.
with everything going on…
Yeah.
- Nice watch.
- Thanks.
Hi.
- Hi.
- I'm Mel.
I'm hunter's mom.
- This is Morgan.
- Hi. Morgan.
Morgan.
Adderall Morgan?
- Mom.
- Sorry.
No. it's fine.
Will you be staying for dinner?
No. thanks. I should head home.
Are you sure? I was gonna
whip up some veggie burgers.
It's fine. I'm gonna go in a few minutes.
What you got on your wrist?
Just a watch dad gave me.
Dad gave you his Daytona?
- Yeah.
- Why would he do that?
I don't know.
Yeah.
- Hi.
- Can I come in?
Sure.
What's up?
You've never come in here before.
I'm sorry it's so messy.
Ali is a challenge.
Why'd you give hunter your Daytona?
'Cause I have other watches.
- Do you want a beer?
- No. I don't want a beer.
I want you to promise
me you're not going to jail.
Okay. I'm doing what I can. All right?
What does that mean? You're innocent.
And yet you're signing over
your half the house to me.
Giving away your prized possessions.
It's an old watch.
Do not do that. If you've ever
loved me. don't bullshit me right now.
It's not looking great.
We might be looking at a plea deal.
- What kind of deal?
- Manslaughter.
I could be out in six years.
Are you kidding? Six years?
If I lose the trial. it could
be the rest of my life.
Why would you lose? You didn't kill him.
Because that's not how
the world works. Mel!
Goddamn it!
In the real world nothing is guaranteed.
Do you understand? You
take your fucking eye off the ball
for one second and everything changes.
You lose your house. your kids
are like strangers in your own home.
you lose your wife. you lose yourself.
Okay. listen to me.
Maggie's dad plays
golf with David gelson.
He's the biggest defense
attorney in the country.
He's had incredible success
negating DNA evidence
with medical experts.
She said she could get
you a meeting with him…
He is just going to do the
same thing that Kat is doing.
You don't know that. Jesus Christ.
You want Tori and hunter
to visit you in prison?
Want them to be known as the kids
whose dad went away for murder?
- Because that will destroy them.
- You think I don't know that?
- Well. then do something about it!
- I'm trying!
Try harder. you selfish fuck!
God.
There was a moment
when you gave up on us.
No. I don't remember when it was.
but I'm pretty sure it was
the exact same moment
you should have been fighting like hell.
I'm not blaming you. I gave up too.
We both did. We fucking failed. Coop.
And we're always gonna
have to live with that.
But this. right now.
is another one of those moments.
and I'm telling you. I'm begging you.
don't be the guy who gives up
at the exact moment you should
be fighting with everything you have.
Mel… - don't.
So I just got off with the da. and
after some hemming and hawing.
I think it's going to be the
deal we were hoping for.
Is that right?
Look. I know it sucks.
But the circumstances
being what they are…
The circumstances seem to be
that my lawyer is suggesting I go
to jail for a crime that I didn't commit.
I'm presenting that option. yes.
In the interim.
we'll have our investigators
looking into the case
to see what the police
might have missed.
which. given the department's
size and lack of resources.
could be significant.
I can't take this deal.
If you think I'm not doing my level
best for you because of how you hire…
It has nothing to do with that.
Nothing.
- I'm thinking of your family. Coop.
- So am I.
And what does taking
this deal say to them?
That you love them
enough to sacrifice your…
That I am guilty.
Now I'm guilty of a lot of
things. but I am not guilty of this.
No deals.
- Coop…
- no deals.
Okay.
If that's your decision.
then that's what we'll do.
But you're gonna have to give
me some more to work with.
Okay. let's start at the beginning.
Why was your DNA at the scene?
I was over there all the time.
We were in a relationship.
- Which you lied about.
- So did she.
Why isn't anyone looking harder at her?
These are Sam's phone records.
Okay. Cell phone towers
confirm she was in Boston
the night Paul was killed.
Her parents verified it.
They've got photos from
Henry's birthday party.
She could have hired
somebody to kill him.
And that someone could have been you.
They were going through a nasty divorce.
you're having money
problems. you were lovers.
I mean. you can see how that might play.
Then why am I not in here?
What?
We called and texted all the time.
My number's not in here.
What number do you have for her?
A second phone?
That's right. She could
have left one in Boston.
It's a burner number and
some faceless sexting pics.
That could be anyone's breasts.
Not exactly a smoking gun.
Come on. They're Sam's breasts.
To which I say. so what?
You confirmed her alibi with
the wrong cell phone number.
We verified the account.
And we got corroboration
from both of her parents.
Because what parents
ever lie for their daughter?
- They weren't lying.
- Well. neither am I.
Remind me. officer Hernandez. how
many murder cases have you worked?
Okay. listen. lady... don't call me lady.
Can you prove…
That the other number
belongs to Samantha levitt?
I'm sorry. isn't that your job?
We can't run every number we feel like.
We're required to go to
a judge to get a warrant.
- Your attorney knows that.
- Then go do that!
If I had the actual phone
then I could tie it to her.
and then I could make a case
to get the warrant. But I don't.
My client's life is on the line.
Do your damn job.
- Let's go.
- We're leaving?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well… hey. We gotta find that phone.
We just made our play on
the phone. It was a dead end.
So. what? That's it?
Look. even if we had the phone.
it would only be meaningful if
Sam was the one who killed Paul.
And I don't believe she killed
him anymore than I believe you did.
Well. then why didn't Sam offer up
this other phone in the first place?
For the same reason you
both lied about being involved.
Look. I'll run it by our investigators.
but odds are that phone is long gone.
I have to take this.
Hey.
Yeah.
No. I haven't gotten those files yet.
Stand clear of the closing doors please.
- Elena.
- Jesus Christ. Coop.
- What the fuck?
- I need to talk to you. all right?
I'm sorry. I was gonna call.
but I didn't wanna call. so…
That's a good instinct.
Maybe you should go with…
Fine! I just need your help. Please.
Why would I help you?
I don't know. for starters. how
about the hundred grand and change
that you stole from me.
What. I didn't want anybody else
to find it in case you didn't get out.
- You know?
- That's kind of a lame apology.
- I needed that money and you know that.
- All right. look
I know. I'm sorry. Things have
gotten a little bit crazy. but…
- They arrested you for murder!
- Like I said. but look. I…
- Did you do it? Did you kill him?
- Of course not.
- Of course not? I don't know.
- The body was there when I got there.
- So you were there?
- Okay?
- Jesus Christ.
- Okay. Just go away. Coop.
Cocksucker.
What the fuck?
You broke my door.
Sorry about that.
You okay?
God. it's harder than it looks.
Well. serves you right.
What were you doing in Sam's house?
What do you think?
And you didn't call me?
We're supposed to be partners.
Well. because I knew that if I told
you. you would tell me it was fucked up.
And I would have been right.
Robbing your girlfriend?
That's fucked up.
Well. to be fair. she
had already dumped me.
so we're in kind of a gray area.
What?
So. are you gonna help me or what?
Well.
Elena. hi.
Hi. Mrs. Levitt. I am
so sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
I can't tell you how much I
appreciate you offering to help me out.
- It was...
- just so traumatic for Esperanza
to find Paul like that.
And I just… I told her just… you
know. take all the time that she needs.
So. you know. the cops
have been in everything.
Are you sure that Nick doesn't
mind losing you for the day?
Nick's not home very much these days.
Right.
I'm running out to do some errands.
I'll be gone for a few hours.
You finding everything okay?
- Yes. miss levitt. I'm good.
- Okay. I'll see you later.
- Thank you again.
- My pleasure.
- How'd it go?
- All good. We have a few hours.
All right. Let's get going.
What makes you think that she
hasn't gotten rid of this phone?
Because it's my only shot.
You start upstairs.
Harry's burgers?
I keep telling them "put
the sauce on the side."
but it's like shouting into the void.
The sauce? That's their specialty.
Yeah. but it makes a mess of my burger.
And your desk.
What do you got for me?
Updated me report
came in on Paul levitt.
I sound like a TV cop.
You didn't open it?
It was addressed to you.
You're gonna get ketchup on it.
- It's on your fingers right…
- shut up.
All right.
- Something in there?
- Two of the three gunshots
were postmortem.
What the hell does that mean?
Jay mcinerney wrote.
"everything becomes symbol and
irony when you've been betrayed."
And if it was symbolism you were after.
there I was breaking into
the house of my former lover
to find a phone that was
almost certainly not there
in a desperate bid at a
redemption I wasn't sure I deserved.
I was filled with the angry
certainty that not only was I fucked.
but I had done it to myself.
Coop.
Coop. Get over here.
My god!
Holy shit.
Coop.
You scared the shit out of me.
Nobody killed Paul.
What?
He shot himself.
Look
I don't know what you're talking
about right now. but you need to leave.
And then you must
have shot his dead body.
trying to make it look like a murder.
Okay. You've lost your mind.
Remember this?
"Dear Sam. I made a terrible mistake."
There are no words to express to you
how sorry I am for taking you for granted.
breaking up our marriage.
breaking up our family.
I have failed you as a husband
and a man. and if nothing else.
just know that it was not
because I didn't love you.
I did more than anything.
which is what makes this so
excruciatingly painful for me.
I love you.
"Paul."
Heartfelt.
Kind of makes it about
himself at the end. Very Paul.
You broke into my house?
You planted a gun in my car. I
think we're gonna call it even.
I'm guessing that Paul's
life insurance policy
had a "no suicide" clause?
In spite of his countless
wonderful attributes.
turns out Paul was
really bad with money.
I didn't get the full
picture until the divorce.
I was gonna come out with
a lot less than I'd counted on.
This is what happens.
You were the hot girl in high school.
but six years later. you're a waitress
because the stepping
stone became a Boulder.
You start fucking your boss.
Maybe you're looking for job
security. or maybe you're just bored.
Then one day he asks you to marry him.
You didn't see that coming
but what you do see is
a big comfortable home.
financial security. and a chance to
finally quiet the voice in your head
that never stops asking.
"what comes next?"
You move into an exclusive
Hamlet you've never heard of
called westmont village.
You're from south Boston.
you don't know from villages.
You meet the other wives
and devote yourself to losing the
last traces of your southie accent
and learning how to shop for torn jeans
that cost more than a month's
rent in your old apartment.
And then. those jeans
start getting tighter
baby number one.
You may not have planned it.
but you stopped believing in
plans around the same time
you started fucking Paul.
And you love this little boy
like you've never loved anyone.
so a few years later
you have another one.
And for a while there.
you have a family and
friends. and life feels complete.
That voice in your head still
speaks up from time to time.
but it's nothing a little Xanax
and whispering angel can't fix.
And so. through a colossal failure
of imagination and low self esteem.
you convince yourself
you're happy in the same way
all of your friends and
neighbors seem to be.
A few years later Paul has left
you for a younger version of you.
Coop is everything Paul isn't.
He's handsome and sexy and
funny. and he will never really love you.
It turns out even the
princes are just frogs
in brunello cucinelli Polo shirts.
So you go running back to
mommy and daddy in Boston.
You just need a break from all of it.
And that voice in your head is back.
screaming that you'll lose
everything and be cast out
of this promised land in disgrace.
And then Paul. high on a dangerous
brew of whiskey and antipsychotics.
breaks into your house.
The same house he moved
out of to go fuck the waitress.
Give us a chance! Please. baby.
I'm never going to get
back together with you.
- I wanna see you.
- I promise when you wake up.
you'll remember how much you hate me
and. you know. all women over 30.
Are you in my house? What the
fuck are you doing in my house?
- I wrote you a note.
- What are you talking about?
Wait. Paul.
I'll do it right here! I swear to god!
- Put the gun down.
- I swear to god!
Just put the gun down!
And that's when your husband of 15
years blows his brains out on FaceTime.
Paul?
Paul. pick up the phone!
God.
Paul has 20 million in life insurance.
You know this because
he redid the policy last year.
That's how you know it could
still be nullified by suicide.
For the next three or four
hours. you don't stop moving
because you know if you
do. you'll lose your nerve.
You started using a burner phone
because your regular
phone is still on Paul's plan
and the last thing you
needed was that jealous maniac
finding out about Coop.
And right now. that burner
phone is gonna come in handy.
The bottom line is. you
can't let it be suicide.
Even dead. he found a
way to blow all our money.
I couldn't let him do that to us.
You could have gone to the
police. Told them the truth.
That life insurance
was my children's future.
So you just decided to throw mine away.
You should have been kinder to me.
This is my life.
You don't deserve it!
You and all the other
smug money guys…
You walk around like such big shots.
like having all this money
is proof of something.
when it was all just handed to you.
I had to let that sweaty fuck climb
on top of me every night for years.
I suffered indignity after
indignity just to be here.
to have this. for my kids. and for me.
And I was going to lose it
all because Paul couldn't
keep his money in the bank
and his dick in his pants.
The sad thing is.
you have no idea how
much I know how you feel.
I do.
And you're right. I should
have been kinder to you.
And I'm sorry for that.
But I'm not going to jail for you.
Wait. we need to talk about this.
Pretty sure we just did.
Coop.
Co…
Coop!
Jesus. when the fuck did everybody
start getting guns around here?
- Someone needs to have killed him.
- You can't be serious.
You broke into my house.
You attacked me.
I defended myself against
the man who killed my husband.
You just forgot one thing.
What's that?
You're not a killer either.
Coop!
Wait! Coop!
- Coop!
- In a town where nothing
and no one was what they seemed.
it kinda made sense that a
murder wasn't actually a murder.
It was strange to feel sorry for the
woman who had framed me for murder…
To your right.
But Sam was just trying
to hold on to what was hers.
and no one understood
that better than me.
We'd all bought into the same dream.
the promise of suburban paradise.
And we were all tricked into
believing that once we got there.
it was ours to keep.
Our big solid houses made it feel like
we'd grabbed ourselves
a small piece of forever.
But you didn't have to dig too
deep to find the rot in the foundations.
It was all just an elaborate illusion.
where the magician and
audience were one and the same.
And sometimes it was
hard to tell what was real
and what was just smoke and mirrors.
And then there were times
when it wasn't hard at all.
Get in here.
I know you're going to want to
punish him. but close the deal first.
You know how much it must
have killed him to have to call you.
If he loses leuenberger. then
the dominoes will start to fall.
He knows he's fucked. I mean.
their numbers alone are just
- I know the numbers.
- Right. Sorry.
He pulled Walter all the
way down from Vermont?
I'm telling you…
Okay. thank you.
Bailey and Russell in the same room.
I'm honored.
- Nice to see you. Coop.
- I'm not going to apologize.
You were getting too
big for your britches.
- I'm not here for an apology.
- Good.
Let's get down to it.
As Ms. Cross told you.
we've hit a wall with
leuenberger since you left.
No matter who I throw at it.
they keep running back with
their tails between their legs.
Swiss fuckers will only deal with you.
You must give a hell of a blow job.
We'll put you back in
your seat. back pay you.
add in a generous signing
bonus. structured any way you like.
It'll be like you were never gone.
But I was gone. Walter. Jack had me
marched out in front of all those people.
Come on. Coop.
You think there's anyone out there
who doesn't know that I'm an asshole?
Trust me. you come out of
this smelling like a fucking Rose.
I want 20% on leuenberger.
and a 25% overall profit share.
Fuck you. 12% on the Swiss.
15 of the profit share once they
start bringing fresh capital in-house.
Well. leuenberger bows
out. hell man gets spooked.
Texas oil families start
smelling blood in the water.
the redemptions come in
faster than you can cover them
and this place will go up in smoke.
And your capital account goes with us.
- You'll lose everything.
- I've already lost everything.
20% of the Swiss. 25% overall.
I'm afraid you don't understand
how a negotiation works.
I'm not negotiating.
Fuck you!
This is my fucking company!
It's not yours if you can't keep it.
Okay. 20 and 25. Conditional
on you delivering the Swiss.
Immediately.
You and Jack fly to Switzerland tonight.
I got a thing tonight.
Jet leaves from
Teterboro at 11:00 tonight.
Mary will text you with the tail number.
You and I can talk details on the plane.
Do we have a deal?
Sure.
The Gutenberg cancer gala
raises millions every year
for cancer research.
Peter and Diane Miller have
been chairing it for years.
pressuring us all to buy
tables and lottery tickets.
And over time it had become
one of the biggest annual events
on the Westchester social calendar.
Being seen here told everyone
that you were generous.
the kind of generous
that takes big bucks.
and so the cause of medical
science was advanced
through the twin forces of
social pressure and peacocking.
You do not know how relieved
we are that you were exonerated.
Not that we ever believed that you did it.
That didn't come out right.
Shit. I don't know how to talk about this.
None of us do. It's fine.
So how about we just stop trying?
- Okay.
- There's the idea.
- Coop. hi.
- Hi. Thank you.
You look fantastic. Holy cow!
Thank you.
Now this is a welcome sight.
- Good to see you.
- How about that?
- Look at you.
- It's been a minute.
- Good to see you.
- Yeah. Great table.
Good table.
Hey. how are you? Where's Barney?
- Where do you think?
- Okay. Right.
Yeah. Of course.
There he is.
Table 10.
Hi. sis. How are you?
- I'll be right back. Yeah.
- Okay.
Hi. buddy.
Well. aren't you the belle of the ball?
Yeah. Nothing like beating a
murder rap to give you a social boost.
Congratulations on not being a murderer.
So. when do you meet with Jack?
I already did.
You already did.
And you don't call me?
Well. I knew I'd see you here.
Fuck you. So what'd he say?
It was a compelling offer.
How compelling?
- I'm thinking about it.
- You're thinking…
Yeah. by all means.
Let's take our time
with this one. you know.
you don't want to reclaim all that
income. mine included. you know.
- without really mulling it over. right?
- Coop.
Hey. - I'm so happy to see you. man.
I never doubted you for a one second.
Hey. Let's get this man some drinks?
I got one.
Yeah. what's your point?
Hey. we need a Macallan
over here. all right?
- Excuse me. guys.
- Yeah.
Hi. guys.
- Hello.
- Hi. dad.
- Hi.
- Welcome. Thanks for coming.
- Mel.
You look so good. Hello. I'm Andrew.
- Hi.
- Lovely to meet you.
I don't know. It's… look who this is.
- Hi. - Over here… - hi.
- Hi.
You okay?
Fine.
Forget about the tennis team.
You've got a whole other
year to worry about Princeton.
Would you want to work with
a professional tennis coach?
You're my coach.
I'm just saying. I don't have to be.
And I'm saying. yes you do.
Thanks.
Looks like our little
man's got some game.
What about you? Are
you seeing anyone?
I was. It's complicated.
I can be a lot.
It's okay to be a lot.
If he can't handle it. fuck him.
Yeah.
Fuck him.
Okay. I gotta go.
But you just got here.
That's the best time to leave.
Hey.
See ya later. Use a condom.
- Hey.
- Okay to join you?
- Of course. Yeah.
- Okay.
- We'll be right back.
Okay.
I've been trying to get in
touch with you nonstop.
I know.
I just needed a little time.
Of course.
I'm so sorry.
You deserve so much better.
Yeah. I did.
But I did it to myself.
I fell in love with a woman who
was in love with someone else.
What are you talking about?
Nothing.
Okay. Don't say anything. She's coming.
Take it away.
What? Wait a minute.
No. You're stuck with me.
Wow.
You look good.
You're only saying that 'cause it's true.
How did all that go?
It seems I've been forgiven.
He's a better man than me.
Obviously.
Either way. I think I'm
gonna fly solo for a while.
You and me both.
Speaking of which. I saw
Sam out shopping the other day
like none of this ever happened.
Well. I mean. she didn't kill the guy.
and she hadn't filed
the insurance claim yet.
so technically there was no fraud.
I bet her attorney gets her off
with community service. a fine.
Even though she was
gonna send you to prison.
She had her reasons.
Her you forgive?
It took you two years to forgive me.
I wasn't in love with her.
This is where I leave you.
They haven't even served dinner.
That's the best time to leave.
Hey.
Try to stay out of trouble?
- I'll see you back.
- Okay.
Free man. Look at this guy.
- Jules.
- Hey. Coop.
We were so happy to
hear that you were cleared.
I mean. we never believed it. but still.
Yeah. I heard they had you
down for murder one in the pool.
You know me.
I like to play the long shot.
Well. I guess I'll count myself
lucky you didn't have the inside track.
You know. like you did with the sats.
What are you talking about?
Well. I know you thought you
were careful. but word gets around.
And if word were to continue
to get around to the right people.
Chelsea would be lucky to
get into community college.
How can you possibly know that?
You can't know that.
You're out of your depth here. Jules.
There's nothing worse than someone
who doesn't know what they don't know.
And you don't know shit.
So you have all the colleges
in america to choose from.
but she's not going to Princeton.
Are you threatening me?
Goddamn right I am.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
- Thank you. sir.
This is what happens.
You work your ass off to
build the life you think you want.
and then one day someone
takes it away from you.
And that's when you learn
that there's a world of difference
between working hard
and fighting for your life.
You've never had to fight before.
You don't even know if you know how.
But then you do it. and to your
own great surprise. you win.
And it should feel sweet.
It should feel like redemption and
validation and victory all at once.
But something's changed.
You can see your old life in
front of you. there for the taking.
And it would be so easy to jump
right back onto that hamster wheel
and start running again.
Shit.
Susie.
What did you do?
- Listen…
- no!
What the fuck did you do?
But when you're done
licking your wounds
and being angry at the world and
trying to save everyone you love.
you will have to look in
the mirror and ask yourself
if you can really go back
to being who you were.
Because the hard truth is.
once you've seen the
chaos behind the curtain.
you can never really watch
the show the same way again.
But right now…
Right now.
it's time to get back to work.